Fix ordering of properties in static spacing override classes (#2770)
alphagov/govuk-frontend: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

> ### Recommended changes

Author: @calvin-lau-sig7 do you want to take a look at these release notes and let me know if you have any comments/suggestions?

#### Replace deprecated `govuk-!-margin-static` and `govuk-!-padding-static` classes

> We have fixed an issue where the static spacing override classes did not start with `govuk-!-static`, and we have deprecated the incorrect classes.
> 
> If you are using the static spacing margin override classes, replace any classes starting with `govuk-!-margin-static` with `govuk-!-static-margin`. For example: `govuk-!-margin-static-2` would become `govuk-!-static-margin-2`
> 
> If you are using the static spacing padding override classes, replace any classes starting with `govuk-!-padding-static` with `govuk-!-static-padding`. For example: `govuk-!-padding-static-2` would become `govuk-!-static-padding-2`
> 
> We've deprecated the `govuk-!-margin-static` and `govuk-!-padding-static` classes, and will remove them in a future major release.
> 
> This change was introduced in [pull request #2770: Fix ordering of properties in static spacing override classes](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-frontend/pull/2770). Thanks to @garrystewart for reporting this issue.

Reviewer: How about this intro sentence to explain what happened a bit better?

```suggestion
We’ve fixed an error in the naming convention of the static spacing override classes we’d introduced in v4.3.0. These classes should start with `govuk-!-static` and we’ve now deprecated the incorrect classes.

If you’re using the static spacing margin override classes, replace any classes starting with `govuk-!-margin-static` with `govuk-!-static-margin`. For example: `govuk-!-margin-static-2` would become `govuk-!-static-margin-2`.

If you’re using the static spacing padding override classes, replace any classes starting with `govuk-!-padding-static` with `govuk-!-static-padding`. For example: `govuk-!-padding-static-2` would become `govuk-!-static-padding-2`.

We've deprecated the `govuk-!-margin-static` and `govuk-!-padding-static` classes, and will remove them in a future major release.

This change was introduced in [pull request #2770: Fix ordering of properties in static spacing override classes](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-frontend/pull/2770). Thanks to @garrystewart for reporting this issue.
```

Author: Thanks @calvin-lau-sig7 !
